hello everyone I'm over 6 more than
let us begin
within a year the games are celebrated
river Olympians and how in each
championship the technical team of usa
has a very difficult task
very difficult that I ask only 12
players that will be part of the great
USA selection the candidate selection
and favorite to gold and forgive me if you've
seen a lot but it is that I repeat is very
difficult to choose twelve players in the USA
there are many players with a lot of quality
that could be part perfectly
of the team I say usa can present
three teams the team the team and the
team will go who would win
surely the gold medal after
be doing an analysis and studying
the players in today's video I'm going
to present my selection for the usa
I repeat it has been very difficult I had to
leave stars and superstars
outside the team the future is sad
but it is what there is in the end they can only
enter with players
I believe that the selection of states
united will take three bases the first
it will be crisis for a player who already has
experience by the selection that is very
good that adapts well to basketball
we could say more European is a
smart player who already knows very
well to the players the coach to
all the technical team and I think you can
be a very important value for this
selecting the second base that would lead
it's stephen carr and a champion sent me a
player with a lot of magic and a lot of talent
two carry triples can come very
well to the team in those matches in which
the marker is very tight and in that
the mining companies are not very clear and
finally fall and ervin the player to
me with the best ball handling of all
the world
Irvine has already shown sometimes
previous that has the sufficient level
to do great things in this team
we go with the escorts the first of
them is james harden a player that the
last season was about to
take the mtv and have this next
season in one of the favorites for
Take them and Carmen has a lot of talent
a lot of quality and the attack is lethal
does it does it well except for the
defense that can still improve
quite and the other reason westbrook I already know
which is a couple I know but russell westbrook
I had to put it in yes or yes have some
spectacular physical qualities and
can occupy that position perfectly
I have done in other occasions already played but
he did very well because he is not physically and
once westbrook brings a lot
energy contributes points contributes mates to
intangible door and even westbrook
has a well-deserved site in this
selection that gold can win
we will take the fret out 2
probably the best three eaves
of the world and I think you already know
who are the first lebron james
it was clear the best player in the world
for me I'm not saying that they are
Lebron is a player who has already won
everything that has been consecrated as one of
the best ones and that will end his career
as one of the best of all the
history
the second is kevin during a player
lethal to me in the offensive aspect the
better when in killer mode he puts it
everything can already be defended by the best
defense or you can come two he
continue scoring scoring scoring
until he gets tired and finally carmelo
anthony melo is one of the most
elegant in the world is very
talented and has tremendous facility
to write down that you can score 30 or 40
points without ruffling just in a good
shot from line 3 and also knows
generate your own shot very well
Carmelo also has a very
deserved the time has come for the
indoor and start on both the
friend
the first anthony davis kobe ​​bryant and
Lebron James
once light animates continues
playing like this and continues to evolve
as a player it will be one of the great one
of the greats of all history
I believe that lebron and kobe understand
a lot of basketball and if they say this for
something will be
davis in the future is the present and the
crack has a very lie and the
second power forward blake griffin a
player who say he only knows how to do
mate
griffin has shown that it has grown
as a player and throughout these years
has been perfecting his game has gone
incorporating many offensive resources
not only you know how to kill it and
he has a good shot from a distance and
every year he refines it in addition to
a good pot is quick bounce to
recover balls assists everyone
the paintings very complete and has a
deserved position
and finally the two pivots and the first
demarcus cousins and I've been saying it
for a long time when this
box does not focus 100% on the
silly basketball will be the best pivot
of the world
hollins is a dominant pivot is a
heavyweight pivot feels a lot no longer
it's very well the other one is cool howard yes
I know it is not in its best version and
that is still recovering that rhythm
so good that I wish we'll see again
orlando magic playing in Hobart
dominant that nobody could with him the
sports of the world but good
also the player of the houston
rockets does not serve in a very player
physical that plugs rebound to intimidates
a lot and also
many kilos in the area continues to be
a dominant pivot and I think the
selection of these nests can come
very good and these are my 12 players
from here I want to take advantage to give
for a thousand good thanks more than two thousand
Thanks and we are more than 2,000
subscribers in this youtube channel me
happy to see how each time the community goes
growing that there are comments try
answer them all if I left any
do not feel good I am very happy that I
continue and if you want to talk to me already
you know you have the twister instagram
comments from youtube I will be
answer them all thank you very much and this
It has been everything I hope you have looked for
now it's your turn I would like that
in the comments of youtube leaves me 6
your 12 players that would form
part of the USA selection and it's not worth
that you put me yobal mckee kendrick
perkins víctor claver even if it's not
us because this selection would sweep and
we do not want a more real selection by
say it in some good way that we
go all very well thank you very much other
time because we are already more than 2,000
subscribers and that everything goes well